README.md, before:

# VoidChain
A repository to explore general blockchain related concepts.


##### This repository is part of my [Fill the Void](https://github.com/cybervoid/fill-the-void) effort to better understand Blockchain technology.

## Topics covered
1. Rewriting of the [gnaf/genesis block](https://github.com/Gnaf/GenesisBlockZero) in [C#](https://github.com/cybervoid/VoidChain/tree/master/VoidChainConsole/VoidChainLib/Blockchains/Voidchain)
2. Building a simple blockchain - [Tinychain](https://github.com/cybervoid/VoidChain/tree/master/VoidChainConsole/VoidChainLib/Blockchains/Tinychain)
3. Creating signed messages using Elliptic Curve Cryptography - [link](https://github.com/cybervoid/VoidChain/tree/master/VoidChainConsole/VoidChainLib/Cryptography)
4. Hashing (SHA256) - [code](https://github.com/cybervoid/VoidChain/blob/5b95b401118b2506fe4279f04eda4852cd9084ec/VoidChainConsole/VoidChainLib/Objects/Extensions.cs#L28)
5. Merkle Trees  [code](https://github.com/cybervoid/VoidChain/blob/master/VoidChainConsole/VoidChainLib/Objects/Helpers.cs)

Commit message:

removed unused file stub.  updated readme with more accurate links

README.md, after:

# VoidChain
A repository to explore general blockchain related concepts.


##### This repository is part of my [Fill the Void](https://github.com/cybervoid/fill-the-void) effort to better understand Blockchain technology.

## Topics covered
1. Rewriting of the [gnaf/genesis block](https://github.com/Gnaf/GenesisBlockZero) in C# [link](https://github.com/cybervoid/VoidChain/tree/master/VoidChainConsole/VoidChainLib/Blockchains/Voidchain)
2. Building a simple blockchain - [Tinychain](https://github.com/cybervoid/VoidChain/tree/master/VoidChainConsole/VoidChainLib/Blockchains/Tinychain)
3. Creating, signing, and receiving messages using Elliptic Curve Cryptography - [code file](https://github.com/cybervoid/VoidChain/blob/master/VoidChainConsole/VoidChainLib/Cryptography/MessageExchanger.cs)
4. Hashing (SHA256) - [example](https://github.com/cybervoid/VoidChain/blob/5b95b401118b2506fe4279f04eda4852cd9084ec/VoidChainConsole/VoidChainLib/Objects/Extensions.cs#L28)
5. Merkle Trees  [code file](https://github.com/cybervoid/VoidChain/blob/master/VoidChainConsole/VoidChainLib/Objects/Helpers.cs)
